BEP01 Bank Application

Description:
BEP01 is a banking application that has numerous familiar banking features and a distinct feature that will encourage financial discipline using a trained machine and statistical tools in providing insights and recommendations to the user.

Files:
bank_app.py: The main program file containing the BEP01 Bank Application functions.

Requirements:
Microsoft Excel: To store all the data input by the user. It will serve as a relational database in a csv format.

You need to install the following modules to be able to install and run the application
openpyxl module: Run pip install openpyxl
pandas module:  Run pip install pandas for the data analytics in the databases
matplotlib module:  Run pip install matplotlib to plot and show the transaction analysis graph plots
datetime module:  Run pip install datetime to install the datetime to capture the datetime for tha account number creation and applying time and date format on the table
string module: Run pip install string to convert the autogenerated numbers by the randint module as the account number
email_validator module: Run pip install email_validator. This module checks if the email inputted by the user is correct from a recognised email domains.
seaborn module: Rn pip install seaborn to customize and plot the transaction analysis graph plots.
os module: This is a default module that comes with the python package but if missing, run install pip os to install the module. 
random module: Generates random numbers for the account number and OTP for transactions.

Modules:
Import pandas as pd
from email_validator import validate_email,EmailNotValidError as e
import datetime
import pandas as pd
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
from datetime import datetime, date
import random
import string
import pandas as pd
import seaborn as sns
import os 

Function:
create_account(): This module creates account for a user and saves the data to a csv file with name: customer_database.csv
deposit_df(account_number): This allows an exisiting user to deposit amount which creates a deposit_database.csv and calculates the balance from the initial amount in the customer_database.csv.
withdraw_df(account_number): This allows an exisiting user to withdraw fund from the updated deposit_database.csv and the withdrawal amount must be less than the available balance.
balance_checker(): This module does a cummulative sum of the balance in the updated analyser.csv which is a merge of both deposit.csv and withdrawal.csv
over_draft_limit(): Automatically sets an overdraft limit for the user using the 30% of the initial amount as the credit of the customer.
apply_for_a_loan(account_type): Allows the user to apply for loan and the loan amount must be less than the available balance and must not exceed the overdraft limit.
email_validation(): This module checks if the email of the user is correct or not.
generat_account_number(dob): It generates the account number by picking the date of birth of the user and joining it with 4 uatogenerated numbers by the random module.
generate_recommendations(): Generatesrecommendations and technical advice for thee user using a trained machine to tack user's deposit and withdrawal patterns.
analyser(): Uses analytical tools to extract, load and transform the data to be ready for visualization 
visuals(): Visualizes the transaction analysis dashboorad with graphs to create insights and encourage financial discipline.
validate_account_type(): Checks if the account type inputted by the user is amount a list of account types ranging from "Salary", "Business", "Individual".
name_validation(): Removes strings, spaces within  users' names.
validate_dob(): validates date of birth to check if the date of birth inputted by the user follows a date format
balance_checker(): checks available account balance of the user
main(): The function that integrates all the other functions above

How to use:
Run the bank_app.py file to see the application menus and follow the user prompt.
Modify the values in the if __name__ == "__main__": block to perform different tasks.

